Hi there. I'm Amanda.
I'm a Developer Advocate for DataStax.
I got my master's in 2012 in computer science.
Ever since then, I've been working on distributed databases.
Now finally, I've landed at DataStax,
which is a distributed database all around Apache Cassandra.
So I became a developer advocate after working
as a software engineer for about six years.
But honestly, I was always doing that work.
I was always that middle layer between
engineering where I worked and our customers and our users.
Not to mention, I always did lots of demos.
I was always actually using our product,
not just helping to develop the product,
but actually using it as well,
and then helping our customers utilize it and use it.
That was always really rewarding to me.
I love doing that. I love getting that feedback
from our customers on our product so that I could actually send that back
to engineering so that everyone's working on a product that
really helps our customers and our engineers are working on something that matters.
So I love doing that and I always was.
Now I'm finally at a place where I can do that full time, and that's my whole job.
No, I do still code,
but not as much as I used to.
My advice for data engineers is to learn as much as you can about a variety of
technologies because you never know that
what you're going to encounter once you actually get on the job.
I would also say,
don't be afraid to just jump in.
Try something new. Volunteer at your company.
If someone's doing a new type of project that maybe's
not in your realm of responsibility,
raise your hand, say, "Hey,
I can help out a couple hours a week."
Something like that. Don't be afraid to just jump into
a new project even if you don't have all your skills yet,
that's a great way to own them, is just jumping in and learn fast.